V5.0 Rebranding UtilityConnect -> Connect (#31)
ArcadiaPower/connect-react: README.md

# @arcadia-eng/connect-react

> Arcadia's general Developer Platform API documentation can be found at [developers.arcadia.com](https://developers.arcadia.com). The purpose of this package is to embed a user-facing interface where your customers can securely enter their utility credentials. The submission of their utility-related credentials will create UtilityCredentials and UtilityAccounts that can be managed through Arc.

Reviewer: > Arcadia's general Developer Platform API

This should probably be `Arc API documentation`.

This package is a React wrapper around Arc's Connect. It provides two ways to integrate the component into your React application - via hooks and via HoCs (higher order components).

# Installation

Via npm:

```
npm i @arcadia-eng/connect-react
```

Via yarn:

```
yarn add @arcadia-eng/connect-react
```

# Quick Start

> A Connect Token is required to instantiate Connect. See [Creating Connect Tokens](https://developers.arcadia.com/#section/Authentication/Connect) for instructions. Note that a general Access Token will not work for this purpose.

Author: link will be broken til we release the doc changes

- `'verified'` : the credentials were confirmed to be correct
- `'rejected'` : the credentials were confirmed to be incorrect
- `'timed_out'`: Connect times out awaiting verification of the utility credentials. In this case, if clients later receive the `UtilityCredentialRejected` webhook or confirm rejection through the UtilityCredentials API endpoint, client will likely want to redirect the user back Connect (via in-app notifications or emails). If the user needs to update their credentials, the client should fetch a `UtilityConnectToken` with the pre-existing `utility_credential_id` so that Connect opens in "update" mode.
- `'pending'`: the user submitted credentials but closed Connect before the component could get updated with the result
- `'no_submit'`: the user never submitted their credentials

> - `'error'`: there was an API error during the Connect flow and the user clicked a button to confirm as such and close Connect

Reviewer: this error description was a little confusing even before this update. Maybe we could try, "there was an API error during the Connect flow. User clicked to confirm the error and close Connect."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `'error'`: there was an API error during the Connect flow. User clicked to confirm the error and closed Connect.
```
